(frogs croaking)
(muffled people singing)
(Ioons calling)
“Know I love you I
“Know I love you, dear I
“Angels in heaven"
“Know I love you I
“Down in the valley"
“Valley so low”
(leaves rustling)
"I Hang your head over"
(suspenseful music)
(eerie music)
(frogs croaking)
(suspenseful music)
(door squeaks)
“The river of Jordan is deep and wide I
“Hallelujah"
“Milk and honey on the other side I
(people clapping)
(girl laughing)
(muffled talking)
[Girl] So how long were those potatoes
under the fire, how'd you do that?
“Hang down your head, Tom Dooley"
“Hang down your head and cry"
(clattering)
Somebody'll see.
No they won't.
(Ioons calling)
Does Marianne kiss as good as I do?
How would I know?
- Oh, you.
- Come on.
(feet clattering)
You said we were special.
I meant everything.
(lips smacking)
(Claudette moaning)
(suspenseful music)
[Claudette] (giggles)
Barry.
(suspenseful music)
(Ioons calling)
- And that is that.
- Come on.
Come on, it's not made out of stone.
(Claudette giggles)
(floor creaks)
Somebody's there.
(light dramatic music)
(Barry chuckles)
We weren't doing anything,
we were just messing-
(dramatic music)
(Claudette screams)
(Barry groans)
(dramatic music)
Please stop!
(Claudette screams)
(dramatic music)
(glass shattering)
(tense music)
(dramatic eerie music)
(dramatic music)
(birds chirping)
(water trickling)
(church bells dinging)
(dog barking)
Hi, girl.
Excuse me. Hi, boy.
Hey, you speak English?
How far is it to Camp Crystal Lake?
(dog whines)
That far, huh?
Okie dokie. See ya later.
(Annie grunts)
[Radio Announcer]
Hey, it's 7:01 on Friday
the 13th of June.
This is Big Dave, and it's time
in Black Cafe in Crystal Lake.
(muffled singing)
(bell clinging)
Hey, ma'am.
- Kojack 82 times.
- Hi.
Excuse me. How far is
Camp Crystal Lake from here?
“Your heart belongs to where you are"
“Sail away I"
What is it, Enis?
About 20 miles?
About that.
Camp Blood. They're
opening that place again?
[Man] Lotsa luck.
Can I get a bus or something?
[Woman] Not likely.
You goin' out to the crossroads, Enis?
What about a lift? That'll be halfway.
No sweat, Trudy.
Okay, kid. Let's move it.
Name's Annie.
All right, Annie. Let's go.
(birds chirping)
All the girls up there
gonna look as good as you?
I dunno.
You're going to Camp Blood, ain't ya?
God damn it, Ralph. Get outta here.
Go on, get!
Leave people alone!
You'll never come back again.
Oh, shut up, Ralph.
It's got a death curse.
He's a real prophet of doom, ain't he?
Go and climb up, miss.
(door clangs)
(engine rumbling)
I tell ya he's causing problems enough
for your boss with all that talk.
God damn nuisance.
(engine rumbling)
He tell you anything?
- Who?
- Your boss
Steve Christy.
I'll be cooking for
50 kids and 10 staff.
Campers will mostly be
like inner city children.
I mean about what happened.
No.
Come on, there's something
you're not telling me.
Quit. Quit now.
Quit? Why would I wanna quit?
Camp Crystal Lake is jinxed.
Oh, terrific. Not you, too.
You sound like your crazy
friend back there, Ralph.
Well, maybe.
Did Christy tell you about
the two kids murdered in '58?
Yeah? Boy drowning in '57?
Buncha fires?
Nobody knows who did any of 'em.
In 1962 they was gonna
open up, the water was bad.
Christy will wind up just like
his folks; crazy and broke.
He's been up there a year
fixing up that place.
He must've dropped $25,000.
And for what?
Ask anybody.
Quit!
- I can't.
- Dumb kids. Know-it-alls.
Just like my nieces.
Heads full of rocks.
- You're an American original.
- I'm an American original.
- Dumb kid.
- At least I'm not afraid of ghosts.
(Annie laughs)
(bugs trilling)
(engine rumbling)
Take care of yourself, kid!
- No sweat.
- Thanks a lot for the lift.
(door thuds)
(engine rumbling)
(birds chirping)
(upbeat country music)
(engine rumbling)
- Hey, uh, Marcie.
- What?
You really think there'll be other gorgeous
women at Camp Crystal Lake besides yourself?
(all laughing)
- Is sex all you ever think about Ned, huh, huh?
- Hey, no, no.
- Absolutely not.
- Ha.
[Ned] Sometimes I just
think about kissing women.
(upbeat music)
(muffled talking)
(engine rumbling)
(thudding)
(bugs chirping)
(engine rumbling)
[Steve] Hey, wanna
give me a hand over here?
- Sure.
- Alice!
So, I wanna get this tree stump up.
Get on this side, you pull on that side
and help on three, okay?
- Alice!
- Coming.
(all grunting)
(thudding)
That's great, that's great.
I'm Steve Christy.
- Jack Bernard.
- Hey.
- Marcie.
- This is Marcie,
I'm Ned Rubenstein.
[Steve] Welcome to Camp Crystal Lake.
- Thank you.
- We're, uh, this is Alice.
Hi. Uh, Steve, cabin B's all ready.
[Steve] Listen, where's Bill?
Is he finished cleaning
up the boathouse yet?
I don't know, I haven't seen
him in the past half hour.
Oh, I want him to start
painting right away.
Well, what about Brenda?
- You told her to go set up the archery range.
- No, no, I rather she paint.
Well, come on, let's go.
(Alice sighs)
- I thought we had two weeks.
- Uh, come on, I'll show you where you can get changed.
- Okay.
- Grab your clothes with yas.
[Jack] Back here.
(morning dove cooing)
(clattering)
- Here, let me give you a hand with that.
- Thank you.
Yeah, I got it.
(hammer banging)
Got it?
(paper rustling)
You draw very well.
Thanks, I wish had more time to do it.
(hammer banging)
Ow, dummy.
- When did you do this?
- Last night.
- Do I really look like that?
- You did last night.
- You're very talented.
- You're very pretty.
This really isn't your cup of tea, is it?
Any particular reason?
It's just a problem I have.
It's nothing personal.
You wanna leave?
I don't know, I may have to go back
to California to straighten something out.
(Steve sighs)
Come on.
Give me another chance.
Stay a week, help get the place ready.
By Friday, if you're not happy,
I'll put you on the bus myself.
All right, Friday.
I'll give it a week.
(birds chirping)
[Steve] Thanks, Alice.
(ominous music)
(ground rustling)
[Alice] Bill, Steve wants
to know if we need more paint.
Paint's all right, think we're gonna
need some more thinner though.
[Alice] Okay, I'll tell him.
- Alice.
- Yes?
The others show up?
Yeah, everybody except that girl who's
supposed to handle the kitchen, Annie.
[Bill] Think you're
gonna last all summer?
I don't know if I'm gonna last all week.
(Bill laughs)
I'll tell Steve about the thinner.
[Bill] All right.
(ominous music)
(ground rustling)
[Jack] Do you want it listed separately?
That's right.
And after lunch, Brenda, I want you
to finish up the archery range, okay?
Now, if Annie gets here, get
her started in the kitchen.
- Got it.
- Do your best, all right?
I'll be back sometime after lunch.
It's supposed to rain like hell
so get as much done as possible.
I don't wanna get too far behind.
(engine rumbling)
Goodbye.
He neglected to mention that downtown
they call this place Camp Blood.
Next you're gonna tell us there are poisonous
snakes in the outhouses, and crocodiles.
[Ned] Nah, the crocodiles
are in the cabins.
(birds chirping)
(Ioons calling)
(plastic rustling)
(crickets chirping)
(arrow whizzing)
Ta da!
- Are you crazy?
- Wanna see my trick shot? It's even better.
(Ned laughs)
I don't believe you!
Ya know, you're beautiful
when you're angry, sweetheart.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Did you come out here to help
me or to scare me to death?
If you do that again I'm gonna tack
you up on the wall to dry.
Yeah, but I love that sexy talk!
(birds chirping)
(water trickling)
(engine rumbling)
Hi. I'm going to Camp Crystal Lake.
Guess I always wanted
to work with children.
I hate when people call them kids.
It sounds like little goats.
But when you've had a dream as long
as I have you'll do anything.
(engine rumbling)
Hey, wasn't that the road up
for Camp Crystal Lake back there?
(light dramatic music)
Uh, I think we better stop.
(engine rumbling)
Please?
(dramatic music)
Stop, please.
Please stop!
(intense music)
(Annie shrieks)
(tires screeching)
(Annie groans)
(engine rumbling)
(suspenseful music)
Ow.
(doors thudding)
(dramatic music)
(leaves rustling)
(suspenseful music)
(Ioons calling)
(leaves rustling)
(dramatic music)
(Annie grunts)
(eerie music)
No. No.
No.
(eerie music)
(Annie gasps)
(body thuds)
- All right, move it!
- Come on!
- A little to the left!
- All right!
(all hollering)
Move it out, move it out!
Okay, a little to the left.
Now, now, a little.
- No, no.
- Okay, baby,
let's float it out there.
- Let's go.
- Okay, okay.
(all hollering)
(birds chirping)
Now, if you were a flavor of ice cream
what would it be?
(water trickling)
Rocky roll.
(al laughing)
Hey!
(water splashes)
(ominous music)
(leaves rustling)
(muffled talking)
(water splashing)
What's that vitamin C
stuff do for you anyway?
Vitamin C's supposed to neutralize
the nitrates or something.
[Marcie] What's the
matter? You see something?
(Ioons calling)
No, no, no.
(Brenda shrieks)
- Ned!
- Here we go.
[Brenda] Get outta here!
[Ned] Brenda, I'm getting to you.
Very slowly.
[Brenda] (laughs) You, you!
[Marcie] Hey, you guys.
You ready to go back to work?
- Yeah.
(birds chirping)
- Oh, oh.
- Come on, Alice.
- Help! Help!
- Something's wrong with Ned.
Get a life preserver.
(clattering)
(water splashing)
- Here.
- Help!
- Jeez, where is he? Did he swim?
- I don't know, he's not here.
He was around right around here somewhere.
Go ahead, dive for him.
(water splashing)
- There he is.
- Right there he is.
- Come on, you guys, help me.
- Watch his head.
- Here.
- Hang on.
- [Alice] Grab, pull it out.
- Okay.
- Hurry up.
Move it away.
(water splashing)
- Hold him.
- Watch his head.
- I got him.
- Here.
(Ned coughing)
- Can you give mouth-to-mouth?
- Yeah.
- Pull up his head.
- Come on.
(heavy breathing)
- Oh god, is he all right?
- Come on, Ned.
- Hurry up, hurry up.
- Come on.
- Oh, Ned!
Oh, Jesus!
(all yelling)
(everyone hollering over each other)
[Ned] Sorry!
I'm sorry, all right?
(bird cawing)
(birds chirping)
(Alice sighs)
(drawer rattling)
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
(Alice shrieks)
(door squeaks)
Bill!
Come here, quick!
Hurry!
(ground rustling)
- What is it?
- There's a snake over there.
Where?
What do I do?
- It might bite.
- Haven't you ever been in the woods?
We're not in the woods!
- Jesus, Bill, what are you doing?
- There's a snake in here.
- Then why are we in here?
- Whoa, feet don't fail me now!
There it is!
(all screaming)
[Marcie] I can't sleep
with a snake in here.
[Brenda] Nobody told
us anything about snakes.
- KiII it!
- [Ned] You heard the lady.
- I can't get it til it comes out.
- Well, call him.
- How do you call a snake?
- I'II flush it out!
(all screaming)
[Jack] I got it.
- Where?
- I got him.
I got him.
(metal clanging)
(thudding)
Oh god.
- Is it dead?
- Either that or its got a very short clone.
(girl scoffs)
Oh god.
Well, at least we
know what's for dinner.
- Oh.
- Marcie!
- Gross.
- So sick.
God.
(all laughing)
(bird cawing)
[Brenda] I'm making salad, do you want me
to go ahead and make some for everybody?
Oh, that'd be great.
I think we've got some
hamburger in there, too.
- None for me, thank you.
- But there are apples.
- Do you know how to make apple pie?
- Oh, sure, no sweat.
(engine rumbling)
Whoa, what is going on?
(Ned hollering)
Oh shit.
- All right, who are you people?
- Camp counselors.
- Uh, Neddy's just fooling around.
- Yeah, right, I'm just fooling around.
Hey, can it, goat cheese.
Steve Christy hire you people?
(Brenda hums)
He pay you for this?
- Yeah.
- Hey, nice bike.
- Have you been smoking, boy?
- Smoking? Don't smoke.
Causes cancer.
You know what I mean.
What, did you just get off
a space ship or something?
Columbian gold, man.
Grass, hash, the weed.
Hey, what's he talking about?
Hey, don't get smart.
[Ned] Me? I'm as dumb as they come.
Hey, not another word
outta you, you understand me?
- Officer.
- Sure, officer.
- Really, nothing's going on here.
- We're just trying to get the place in shape.
- In shape for what?
- Officer, is there anything we can do to help?
- We'd be glad to help out.
Looking for somebody.
- Now who's that?
- A guy named Ralph. The town crazy.
Well, there's no crazy
people around here, right?
I told you to sit on it, Tonto.
Now, I got word that Ralph was peddling
out this way spouting his gospel.
Well, we haven't seen anybody here, officer.
Just us.
Uh, this guy Ralph, is he dangerous?
Every time that loony gets
drunk he gets his call in.
I end up spending the morning in court
and he gets a week in jail.
(radio beeps)
Cycle 2, where are you?
Come in, Cycle 2, Cycle 2.
This is Dorf, I'm out here
at Camp Crystal Lake, over.
[Dispatch] Pull it back in, Dorf.
Chief wants you back
in town on the double.
Roger that. 10-4, on my way, out.
Never keep the chief waitin'.
You kids keep your noses
clean, you understand?
You'll be hearing from me if you don't.
We ain't gonna stand for
no weirdness out here.
(engine rumbling)
(muffled laughing)
(metal clanging)
(Alice humming)
(dramatic music)
(Alice screams)
(metal clattering)
I'm a messenger of God.
You're doomed if you stay here.
This place is cursed. Cursed.
It's got a death curse.
- Who are you?
- What do you want?
- God sent me.
- Get outta here, man.
I've got to warn you.
You're doomed if you stay.
Go. Go!
(door squeaks)
(door thuds)
- I think we just met Ralph.
- God, what's next?
(Marcie sighs)
(eerie music)
(door squeaks)
You're doomed. You're all doomed.
(bike rattles)
(eerie music)
(door squeaks)
(door thuds)
- Who likes 'em rare?
- Me!
How can you guys eat that stuff?
It looks like dead animals.
Dead animals? That's the old counselors.
You cannibal.
If you would mix all this stuff right
you would get all the protein you need.
Too bad Annie never showed up,
she was supposed to be quite a good cook.
Yeah, well don't expect me
to play chef for you guys.
Uh oh, the squaws are revolting.
- Trouble?
- Yeah, bad bulb or no power.
Seems a little gloomy in here.
- Hang on.
- Steve taught me how to use the emergency generator.
The town power lines are
supposed to be real lousy.
- Don't you love that macho talk?
Emergency generator.
- Like I haven't.
- Yeah, let's go.
- Wait for me.
- I'll take care of this.
- Neddy, can you watch the burners?
- Sure.
- [Alice] Burner.
- Wanna do this?
- Yeah.
- You really think he's gonna be bent outta shape?
- I don't know.
Hey, this looks almost like the one
at my uncle's cabin in Maine.
- Well, here goes.
- What an antique.
Okay.
(metal clangs)
(generator rumbling)
What has gone wrong?
(birds chirping)
(bugs trilling)
(bird cawing)
(water trickling)
(muffled talking)
"Da da da da"
No.
(muffled talking)
(birds cawing)
(ground rustling)
(Ned whistling)
(light dramatic music)
(wood creaking)
Hello?
(suspenseful music)
Can I help you?
(Ioons calling)
Hello? Hello?
[Marcie] Come on.
I'm coming, I'm coming.
Woo, wind's come up.
Shifted a good 180 degrees.
Guess I'll have to hold onto you.
(lips smacking)
- What about Ned?
- I don't love Ned.
(scoffs)
He keeps acting like such a jerk.
- Neddy! (thunder rumbling)
- Don't call him.
I thought you wanted to give him one
of your motherly lectures.
Look, Neddy's gonna do whatever
Neddy wants to do, ya know?
(thunder rumbling)
Ooh, it's gonna storm. Can tear down
that valley like a son of a gun.
I've been afraid of storms
ever since I was a little kid.
No. Really?
(Marcie laughs)
Yeah, I've had this dream
about five or six times
where I'm in a thunder storm
and it's raining really hard.
It sounds like pebbles
when it hits the ground.
I can hear it.
I try to block out the sound with my hands
only it doesn't work, it just
keeps getting louder and louder.
And then the rain turns to blood
and the blood washes
away in little rivers.
Then the sound stops.
- It's just a dream.
- Yeah, I know.
I call it my shower dream.
(Jack laughs)
- Hey, hey, this is no dream.
- Come on, we're gonna get soaked.
(thunder rumbling)
(rain pattering)
(wind whistling)
(thunder booming)
(water trickling)
(door clattering)
(thunder booms)
(lips smacking)
Hey, hey, what are you doing?
(clothes rustling)
[Marcie] Come on.
(Marcie chuckles)
(rain pattering)
(soft moaning)
(thunder booms)
(Jack grunts)
(heavy breathing)
(rain pattering)
(light music)
(door squeaks)
(thunder booms)
- Jack and Marcie are gonna get drenched.
- Not if they're where I think they are.
(light guitar music)
(thunder rumbling)
- That's nice.
- Mm hmm.
Hey, I know what we can do.
- We're going to play Monopoly.
- I hate Monopoly.
[Brenda] Not the way
I play it, you don't.
- What?
- We're going to play strip Monopoly.
- I'll be the shoe.
- You have got to be kidding.
- What about if Steve walks in?
- Oh, we'll give him a handicap.
You can keep your boots on.
Everything else goes.
It's easy. Instead of paying
rent, you pay clothes.
Bill can be banker, unless,
of course, he's chicken.
(Alice giggles)
Well, heaven help you if you land on one of my hotels.
[Brenda] Why don't you see if Marcie
left any of that grass?
- What happened to my 5005?
- They're right there. Where's my shoe?
(soft moaning)
(thunder rumbling)
(Jack grunts)
(thunder booms)
(dark dramatic music)
- And that goes-
- I'm not gonna pass Go without a glow.
- We already rolled for you.
- You're going last, okay?
Oh, and community chest cannot
give you your clothes back.
(dice rattling)
Double sixes, I get to roll again.
- I think we're being hustled.
- I think you're right.
(rain pattering)
You are so fine.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, where you going?
Gotta pee.
(thunder rumbles)
- Hurry back, okay?
- It's getting cold in here.
- Save my place for me.
- Oh yeah.
(lips smacking)
(door squeaks)
(thunder booms)
(rain pattering)
(dice rattling)
Five. One, two...
- Baltic Avenue. I'll buy it.
- No one ever lands on Baltic Avenue.
I think it's a pretty color.
Okay.
(dice rattling)
Come on.
Ha, eight.
Do, do, do, do, do, do.
Baltic Avenue.
(Bill groans)
- You owe me one boot.
- Coming.
Alice draws first blood.
That's a terrible way
to talk about my feet.
(Brenda laughs)
Thank you.
Who's next?
(dice rattling)
You know, I think I'm
beginning to like this game.
Just wait until he lands
on my old Kentucky home.
More beer? More beer.
(Alice laughing)
Let's see, the railroad.
(rain pattering)
(thunder rumbling)
(match sizzling)
(dark dramatic music)
(Jack gargling)
(thunder rumbling)
(ground rustling)
(door squeaks)
(door thuds)
(thunder booms)
(light dramatic music)
(eerie music)
(ominous music)
"40 Yards to the Outhouse," by Willy Macon.
Come on, kids. You can
do better than that.
(wood creaking)
Jack?
(rain pattering)
(door creaking)
When I looked into that mirror
I knew I'd always be ugly.
I said, Lizzie, you'll always be plain.
(Marcie laughs)
(rustling)
Hello?
(suspenseful music)
(tapping)
(water trickling)
(Marcie humming)
(rattling)
Ned?
Hey, come on, you guys.
(door creaks)
(light dramatic music)
Allee allee in free!
(curtain rattles)
(light dramatic music)
My be my imagination.
(eerie music)
(Marcie gasps)
(Marcie screams)
(metal clangs)
(dramatic music)
(thunder booms)
(Brenda laughs)
Hello!
Worse run of bad luck since Richard Nixon.
Well, you can always call
it quits if you want to.
Fat chance, you're two steps
from Pacific Avenue
and Skin City.
- Oh.
(dice rattling)
- Whoa oh.
- Well, what can I say?
It's not much, but I call it home.
(girls groaning)
(door thuds)
(Alice screams)
- Oh no!
- Wait a minute!
- I'll get it, I'll get it.
- Get the money down, get the money, now just hold it.
Oh god!
(door thuds)
[Bill] It's blowing
like crazy out there.
- Oh, I think I left the
windows in my cabin open.
Shoot
Well, we're going to have to finish
this game some other night.
Just when it was getting interesting.
See you guys in the morning.
- Okay.
- See ya.
- Goodnight!
(Brenda groans)
(door thuds)
(rain pattering)
- Look at this mess.
- Yeah.
Hey, tell me, were you really
gonna go ahead with it?
Actually I haven't made up my mind.
Well, then in that case we'll have
to finish the game another night.
Oh yeah?
(upbeat music)
(rain pattering)
(muffled singing)
(plates clattering)
"Please don't let the heart"
- "Belong to anyone"
- Steve.
Is there anything else you want?
- No, no, no thanks, Sandy, I'm fine.
You can't go back out there in that rain.
Do you wanna get drowned?
I've got to. I've got six
new counselors up at camp.
They are babes in the woods
in every sense of the word.
Well, they'll be okay if they don't
have to come out in the rain.
- Well, what do I owe ya?
- Just a night on the town, Steve.
(laughs) Come on now,
Sandy, you know what I mean.
That's okay.
Two and a quarter, and that's it.
"Through the night with you"
Thank you.
"And you're the one
who's got to love enough"
(change jingling)
- Here's you're change, Steve.
- No, you keep it, Sandy.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
- Drive careful.
- I will.
Goodnight.
(rain pattering)
(wind howling)
(engine rumbling)
(thunder booms)
(clattering)
(door thuds)
(Brenda hums)
(water trickling)
(light dramatic music)
(rattling)
(water trickling)
(Brenda hums)
(light dramatic music)
(door squeaks)
(thudding)
(zipper buzzes)
(suspenseful music)
(door thuds)
(engine sputtering)
(rain pattering)
(engine rumbling)
(door thuds)
(thunder rumbles)
- Hi!
- Steve.
- I thought that thing would go through anything.
- Not dragging a trailer.
Can you give me a lift?
- Yeah.
- I'll have one of my counselors bring me back in the morning.
Why not?
(engine rumbling)
(rain pattering)
(branches rustling)
(ominous music)
(light dramatic music)
(match clicks)
(clothes rustling)
(rain pattering)
(ominous music)
[Young Jason] Help me!
(rain pattering)
Help me!
(dramatic music)
(rain pattering)
(door squeaking)
Hello?
Hello!
[Young Jason] Over here.
Please, somebody help me!
Hello?
(thunder rumbles)
[Young Jason] Come quickly!
Please, somebody help!
(ground rustling)
(rain pattering)
Where are you?
Hello?
(light dramatic music)
(thunder booms)
(ground rustling)
Hello?
(thudding)
(dramatic music)
All right!
Come on out, it's not funny anymore!
(suspenseful music)
Not funny at all.
(thunder booms)
(muffled screaming)
(rain pattering)
(bugs trilling)
(thunder rumbles)
(light guitar music)
(rustling)
(door bangs)
Hi. Generator's okay.
[Alice] I thought I heard a scream.
I don't know how you can hear
anything through that wind.
- It sounded like Brenda.
- I better take a look.
Yeah, and somebody turned on the
lights at the archery range.
[Bill] What?
I can't see anything.
[Alice] They're off now.
I'm gonna check it out.
- Bill? Can I come?
- Come on then.
(rain pattering)
Brenda!
Where is she?
She must be with Jack and Marcie.
(zipper buzzes)
- Now listen.
- Yeah?
[Bill] Come here.
(light dramatic music)
What is going on?
[Bill] Come on!
(rain pattering)
(wind howling)
[Alice] Jack!
- Jack!
- Jack, come to the door!
(door squeaks)
- Where are they?
- I don't know.
Come on, come on.
(door thuds)
(knocking)
Brenda?
Marcie?
- Jack?
Neddy?
Bill, I think we should call someone.
If this is a joke I'm gonna bring them.
I'm serious.
I really think we should call someone.
(thunder booming)
Cellar's locked.
Where's the key?
- I don't know.
- Wait a minute.
Watch out.
(glass clattering)
[Bill] Careful.
(door squeaks)
Let me get the light.
(rain pattering)
(wind howling)
- What's wrong?
- It's dead. Try the payphone.
- Do you have a dime or a quarter?
- No, check the desk.
(rustling)
(phone ringing)
(coins clattering)
[Alice] Hello?
This damn thing's dead too.
(engine sputtering)
(rain pattering)
(doors thudding)
- What's the matter with it?
- It's wet.
I don't know.
Why don't we just hike outta
here? Just get out right now?
Look, it's 10 miles to the nearest crossroads.
Steve will be back soon.
We can use his Jeep if
we need to get help.
Don't worry, there's probably some
stupid explanation for all this.
Like what?
We'll be laughing about
this tomorrow, I promise.
(lips smacking)
(metal clangs)
Let's get outta this rain.
(rain pattering)
(engine rumbling)
It's not bad enough
to have Friday the 13th,
we gotta have a full moon, too.
I keep statistics.
We have more accidents,
more rapes, more robberies,
more homicides, more of everything
when there's a full moon.
It upsets people, makes them nuts.
Ah, could make a
science outta coincidence.
Dear old Ralph was out your way today.
His wife was a nervous
wreck til we got him home.
Oh boy, that's all I need.
Crazy Ralph running around.
Well, the rain's stopping.
(Steve sighs)
It was a pisser while it lasted.
[Dispatch] Sergeant Tierney, come in.
Sergeant Tierney, car niner.
This is Tierney.
[Dispatch] Rescue squad with jaws of life
near mile marker 17, possible fatals.
Three, maybe more, trapped. Head on.
Roger, acknowledge receipt.
Estimated arrival 15 minutes.
(engine rumbling)
- I'll have to let you out here, Steve.
- Sure.
- Thanks.
- Good luck.
(engine rumbling)
(sirens wailing)
(crickets chirping)
(Ioons calling)
(dramatic music)
Hello?
Who is that?
(eerie music)
0h, hi. What are you doing
out in this mess?
(dramatic music)
(frogs croaking)
(Ioons calling)
(engine rumbling)
(frogs croaking)
(metal clattering)
(lighter clicking)
(fire rustling)
(match sizzling)
- [Alice] What do you think happened?
- [Bill] I don't know.
Generator's probably out of gas.
I'm going to check it.
[Alice] Do you want me to come with you?
Why don't you stay here
and try and get some sleep?
(Alice groans)
I'll be right back.
(tarp rustles)
(light dramatic music)
(door thuds)
(Ioons calling)
(frogs croaking)
(ground rustling)
(door squeaking)
(tarp rustling)
(metal clanging)
(sighs) Not gas.
(suspenseful music)
(metal clanging)
Bill?
(frogs croaking)
(Alice sighs)
Generator.
(thudding)
(match rustling)
(gas hissing)
(metal clinking)
(door squeaks)
(tapping)
(Alice sighs)
(frogs croaking)
Bill!
Bill?
(suspenseful music)
(tarp rustling)
Bill?
Bill!
(door squeaks)
(Alice screams)
(dark dramatic music)
No, Bill!
(dramatic music)
No, no!
(intense music)
(Alice screams)
(door thuds)
(Alice panting)
(suspenseful music)
(Alice whimpers)
(light dramatic music)
(heavy breathing)
Oh my god.
(light dramatic music)
(heavy breathing)
(Alice cries)
(clattering)
(heavy breathing)
(light dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
(metal clanging)
(clattering)
(suspenseful music)
(Ioons calling)
Oh God.
What am I gonna do?
(dramatic music)
(glass shattering)
(Alice cries)
(Alice screams)
(heavy breathing)
(Alice whimpers)
(light dramatic music)
(dramatic music)
(engine rumbling)
Steve.
(eerie music)
(clattering)
Steve, oh, Steve!
(dramatic music)
Who are you?
Oh, thank you, I'm so glad-
Oh, no, no, no, no.
(muffled talking)
Dear, dear, now look, I can't help
you if you don't calm down.
She's dead and he's dead and
oh my god, poor Bill, oh god.
All right, all right, all right.
Come on, dear, then show me.
- No, no.
- No, but it's all right.
I'll take care of you, I used
to work for the Christys.
- Oh god, what's going on here?
- Please help me get out of here.
- It's just this place and the storm, that's why you're upset.
- No, no, no,
They're all dead. They're all dead.
- All right, all right, I'll go look.
- No, no, please don't leave me.
They'll kill you, too.
(laughs)
I'm not afraid.
(frogs croaking)
(clattering)
(door thuds)
(Mrs. Voorhees gasps)
Oh my lord.
So young, so pretty.
Oh, what monster could have done this?
Bill's out there.
Oh, god, this place.
Steve should never have opened this place again,
there's been too much trouble here.
Did you know that a young boy drowned?
The year before those
two others were killed.
The counselors weren't
paying any attention,
they were making love while
that young boy drowned.
His name was Jason.
I was working the day that it happened,
preparing meals here.
I was the cook.
Jason should've been watched every minute!
He was...
He wasn't a very good swimmer.
We can go now, dear.
I think we should wait for Mr. Christy.
[Mrs. Voorhees] (laughs)
That's not necessary.
I don't understand.
(eerie music)
[Young Jason] Help me!
Help! Help, Mommy!
- Mommy, help!
- I am, Jason.
I am.
- Help, help me!
- Oh god.
You see? Jason is my son
and today is his birthday.
Where's Mr. Christy?
Oh, I couldn't let them open
this place again. Could I?
Not after what happened.
Oh, my sweet innocent Jason.
(water splashing)
My only child.
Jason.
(water splashing)
(ominous music)
You let him drown, you
never paid any attention!
(clattering)
Look what you did to him.
- Look what you did to him!
- No, no.
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
(Mrs. Voorhees screams)
(suspenseful music)
(Mrs. Voorhees groans)
(Alice screams)
(ground rustling)
(Alice groans)
(dramatic music)
(Alice screams)
(door thuds)
(frogs croaking)
(suspenseful music)
(ground rustling)
Kill her, Mommy. Kill her.
Don't let her get away, Mommy.
Don't let her live.
I won't, Jason. I won't.
(light dramatic music)
(door rattling)
(gun clicking)
(rattling)
(muffled talking)
(suspenseful music)
(ground rustling)
(door squeaking)
(generator rumbling)
(dramatic music)
God damn bullets.
Oh.
(smacking)
(door rattling)
(light dramatic music)
Come, dear. It'll be easier for
you than it was for Jason.
(eerie music)
Kill her, Mommy. Kill her.
(suspenseful music)
Kill her.
(Mrs. Voorhees shrieks)
(metal clinking)
(fist thudding)
(Alice groans)
(smacking)
- Right now.
- No!
(clattering)
(thuds)
(Mrs. Voorhees groans)
(thudding)
(light dramatic music)
(ground rustling)
(Mrs. Voorhees groans)
(frogs croaking)
(leaves rustling)
(Ioons calling)
(light dramatic music)
(ominous music)
Kill her, Mommy. Kill her.
She can't hide.
No place to hide.
Get her, Mommy. Get her.
Kill her, kill her, kill her,
kill her, kill her, kill her.
(suspenseful music)
(light dramatic music)
(Alice cries)
(heavy breathing)
Help.
(door creaking)
(door thuds)
(heavy breathing)
(footsteps tapping)
(glass clattering)
(Alice panting)
(rustling)
(footsteps thudding)
(door creaking)
(door thuds)
(heavy breathing)
(light dramatic music)
(rattling)
(Alice gasps)
(banging)
(suspenseful music)
(clattering)
(light dramatic music)
(door creaking)
(metal clanging)
(Mrs. Voorhees yells)
(dramatic music)
(door creaking)
(door thuds)
(frogs croaking)
(Ioons calling)
(suspenseful music)
(Mrs. Voorhees yells)
(thuds)
(both screaming)
(thudding)
(Alice groans)
(Alice screams)
Get off me!
(head thudding)
(dramatic music)
(Alice screams)
(thuds)
(body thuds)
(heavy breathing)
(frogs croaking)
(light music)
(water splashing)
(groaning)
(dramatic music)
(Alice screams)
No, no!
- 10 milligrams Valium.
- It's okay, it's okay.
[Doctor] It's all right now, Alice.
It's all over. Everything's over.
(Alice panting)
Roll over, roll over.
[Woman] Dr. Villas, wanted in surgery.
Dr. Villas, wanted in surgery.
- Okay.
Your folks are on the way up.
Is anyone else alive?
- Are they all dead?
- Yes, ma'am.
Two of my men pulled you out of the lake.
We thought you were dead, too.
Do you remember very much?
The boy, is he dead too?
- Who?
- The boy. Jason.
- Jason?
- In the lake.
The one who attacked me, the one who
pulled me underneath the water.
Ma'am, we didn't find any boy.
But...
Then he's still there.
(light dramatic music)